## Testing Environment
#### [System & Tools]
* Operating System: macOS Sequoia 15.7.4
* Computer Architecture: Apple Silicon M4 (arm64)
* Node.js Version: v22.21.0
* npm Version: v10.9.4

#### [Framework & Build Tools]
* React & ReactDOM: v18.x (Latest stable via UMD)
* Babel (@babel/core, @babel/cli, @babel/preset-react): Latest 7.x

#### [Browsers]
* Google Chrome: Version 145.0.7632.117 (arm64) / Engine: Chromium
* Safari: Version 26.2 / Engine: WebKit



## Run the Application
**A. Setup & Build**
1. Open the Terminal and navigate to the project folder.

2. Install the required Babel dependencies:

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
3. Compile the React JSX file `main.jsx` into standard JavaScript `main.js`:

    ```bash
    npx babel main.jsx --out-file main.js --presets=@babel/preset-react
    ```

**B. Launch Server**
1. Run the following command to start the local server:

    ```bash
    npm start 
    ```

**C. View Webpage**
* **On Computer**   

    Open a web browser (Chrome/Safari) and navigate to http://localhost:3000
* **On Mobile Phone**   

    Ensure the mobile device and computer are on the SAME Wi-Fi network.    
    Find the computer's Local IP address, and navigate to http://[YOUR_IP]:3000 on the mobile browser.
    ###### Example: http://192.168.1.16:3000



## Testing for Majority of the Users
To ensure the web application works for the majority of users, I manually resize the browser windows on my computer to verify that the CSS Grid layout adapts correctly. Then, I test the application on two major browsers, Google Chrome and Safari, to ensure cross-browser compatibility. Last, I access the local server via my computer's IP address on my mobile phone over the same Wi-Fi to test the actual mobile user experience. 



## React Features Used in This Assignment
**Class Components & JSX**
* Decompose the HTML structure into modular, reusable class-based React components (`<Header />`, `<Footer />`, `<EventsCard />`, and `<Main />`) using the `render()` method to output JSX.

**Props (Data Passing)**
* Store an array of JavaScript objects containing the fireworks festival data in `<Main />` component and  use `this.props` to pass specific data (day, month, images, links) down to the `<EventsCard />` child component, acting as a reusable template.

**Babel Compilation**
* Use `@babel/cli`, `@babel/core`, and `@babel/preset-react` to pre-compile the JSX code `main.jsx` into standard browser-compatible JavaScript `main.js` prior to runtime.



## Reference
**Images**  
* All images are generated by [Gemini](https://gemini.google.com/app)

**Icons**
* Time and Location - Custom SVG paths sourced from [Lucide](https://lucide.dev)
